# day 7

The Update-Help cmdlet downloads the newest help files for PowerShell modules and installs them on your computer. You need not restart PowerShell to make the change effective. You can use the Get-Help cmdlet to view the new help files immediately.

Update-Help checks the version of the help files on your computer. If you don't have help files for a module or if your help files are outdated, Update-Help downloads the newest help files. The help files can be downloaded and installed from the internet or a file share.

Without parameters, Update-Help updates the help files for modules in the session and for all installed modules that support Updatable Help. Modules that are installed but not loaded in the current session are included. PowerShell modules are stored in a location listed in the $env:PSModulePath environment variable.

You can use the Module parameter to update help files for a particular module. Use the UICulture parameter to download help files in multiple languages and locales.

You can also use Update-Help on computers that are not connected to the internet. First, use the Save-Helpcmdlet to download help files from the internet and save them in a shared folder that is accessible to the system not connected to the internet. Then use the SourcePath parameter of Update-Help to download the updated help files from the shared and install them on the computer.

You can automate help updates by adding the Update-Help cmdlet to your PowerShell profile. By default, Update-Help runs only one time per day on each computer. To override the once-per-day limit, use the Force parameter.
